So today I want to talk about something interesting, which is I think going forward. The mindset of the people or a lot of the organization that use the AI, shouldn't it be how it should be? Why? Essentially what's AI is changing that AI is changing from the question from why to the Hub? What does it mean? Is that essentially in all aspects? 

What this means is that. The most important. Criteria that becoming important in the world of AI is what idea to follow, because how to do it is very manageable things. So it's an easy task to do for example, I'm thinking that. Think about one person that just want to build a small web dashboard. Implementation of this idea is so easy, there's so much no code available, program like a lovable cursor and other things that you just need to write the English language. And that that that English language will be for example. Can generate the code, so that's the MVP. So what's happening is that the implementation cost is very low. What's important is what it means that what idea to follow. So that's a very, very important distinction because now. The how is pretty much good. Now another thing which makes it very easy here is that. The iteration, the speed of the iterations really increases because what will happen is that. When you have an AI tool, you can experiment with idea and that idea can be closer and that idea can be even more interesting. So essentially what I want to do is that the most important feature of the future will not be how. To technical questions, I mean how to implement, how to build, how to do research. We pretty much we have a tools in the whole category of how to develop the writer code, how to do research. How to create a content or how to automate the process? We have a solution available with a Gen AI with the most important thing is that what idea to follow and now the immediately this comes with two things what idea to follow essentially here is that.

Another thing that I would have to mention is that. What's the rule of human in the world of AI? And then my answer is that the rule of a human is to give a link another way, another way. What will happen is that. We have this AI that has mechanics, it's very powerful, has very strong, but we need to have a work in my surmount which is A human. Together this AI tools. And then build the store. To the output of this AR tools to communicate this one with another human. So what's the rule of? Mechanics of the AI, AI is really mechanical. Mechanical. So the AI needs to do that. 


Another question that I received a lot is that how to keep updated with a? I basically think that this is a wrong question, because essentially it's impossible with all of this. Ask this question how I can use the AI to? Be more productive when I'm using the AI tools. So think about the one build a project, think about the one project which you can bring your taste to the world and then how from that one from that project you can bring you can work with AI. To to amplify that message, that test you have to the world of AI. 


Another question that I hear a lot is that what type of skills or characteristics you need to teach to our children going forward, and I think when I think about this question is that the important skill that we need to teach our children is. Be there high agency generalists? Another way? The high agency generalists are people so highly generous. There's two type of two words. The 1 is a high agency and the 2nd is that generals high agency is the people who can bring the things to the board, to the people that who are not passive, who are active. It's like A. Think about the one sentence. High agency ward are the verb of the people that acts. So having that capacity that you want to remove the wall based on your idea is become super important because you have so much tools in your head. On the other hand, the generalist is that we need to have a skill, that we need to have a skill that we need to teach people that can have a background in the different things. Think about the person that a little bit understand technology with sales, marketing and other things, because in the age of AI, the important things are how to bring the different things together to. Deliver the value and in any area you are a little bit weaker. As long as you know fundamental you can use AI tools to become stronger. So my thinking is that AI Thai agency generalists are the character that we really need in the future. 

Another question is that what's the danger of AI? The one danger of I think I feel about the world of AI is that we will, if you think about the horizon of 510 years, we will have a very divided society. The society will be divided into two type of the people. The one will be hyper creator and hyper consumer. Essentially the. Proportion of the high consumer will be much more than the hyper creative because what's happened is that think about the chest game. No human can beat the AI chest AI chest is the best chess player. But the other side what's happening is that AI. Content creation is the best AI can content creator. To entertain the people so what's happened is that we are if you just think about that when you open the Tiktok the first minute it's over you are constantly will consume them all because because what will happen is that that AI that driving there maximizing the. Maximizing the entertainment is really working to entertain you more. So that's another danger is that and the idea is that just do all of your apps social media because if you think how about mechanism they are working, they are working to maximize your entertainment. So that means that it will, it will, it will bring, it will makes you more consumer. On the other side a fraction of people will be hyper creative because especially if you have a that high agents generalist what you can do, you can use AI tool to generate more. Or create a more because it's just you have a bigger leverage in your life.  